# Changeling
Fey that can shift their forms with a thought, many changelings use this gift as a form of artistic and emotional expression. Their connection to the Feywilds with a mutable essence that lingers within them.. This leads many people to treat changelings with suspicion.
## Names
A changeling might use a different name for each mask and persona and adopt new names as easily as they change faces. The true name of a changeling tends to be simple and monosyllabic; however, there are often accents to a changeling's name that are expressed through shapeshifting, something single-skins will likely miss.
## Traits
***Ability score increase.*** Any ability score of your choice (generally charisma) increases by 2, and any other score increases by 1.
***Size.*** Changeling are either medium or small creatures (choose upon character creation).
***Changeling Instincts.*** `Inheritable` Thanks to your connection to the fey realm, you gain proficiency with two of the following skills of your choice: Deception, Insight, Intimidation, Performance, or Persuasion.
***Shapechanger.*** As an action, you change your appearance and your voice. You determine the specifics of the changes, including your coloration, hair, length, and sex. You can also adjust your height between Medium and Small. You can make yourself appear as a member of another race, though none of your game statistics change. You can't duplicate the appearance of an individual you've never seen, and you must adopt a form that has the same basic arrangement of limbs that you have. Your clothing and equipment aren't changed by this trait. You stay in the new form until you use an action to revert to your true form or until you die.
***Language.*** You can speak, read, and write Common, Sylvan, and one other language of your choice.